Add note about prerendering MDX files (#2539)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/server-side-rendering.mdx

<Since v="2.0.0" />

> To enable **hybrid rendering**, any [`.astro` page](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) or [server endpoint](/en/core-concepts/endpoints/#server-endpoints-api-routes) can opt-in to prerendering. These files will be statically rendered at build-time, similar to the default static [`output`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable **hybrid rendering**, [pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) and [server endpoints](/en/core-concepts/endpoints/#server-endpoints-api-routes) can opt-in to prerendering. These files will be statically rendered at build-time, similar to the default static [`output`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) mode.
```

<Since v="2.0.0" />

> To enable **hybrid rendering**, any [page](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) or [server endpoint](/en/core-concepts/endpoints/#server-endpoints-api-routes) that supports exporting variables (`.astro`, `.mdx`, `.ts`, or `.js`) can opt-in to prerendering. These files will be statically rendered at build-time, similar to the default static [`output`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) mode.

Reviewer 2: I like this change a lot! :rocket:

Author: Pardon my flurry of force-pushes — whenever I make a commit I suddenly want to change it in 42 ways. :)

Reviewer 2: Haha, no worries! Totally the same! Just trying to keep up here!

</html>
```

> [MDX pages](/en/guides/markdown-content/#using-exported-variables-in-mdx) can also be prerendered:

Reviewer 2: I like @Jutanium's suggestion to remove "any" pages (since clearly, that's not true). I think if we do that, then BOTH  the `.astro` and the `.mdx` examples need an introductory line, because now MDX is not an "also" thing.

Maybe something like:

> Add `export const prereder = true` to any `.astro` or `.mdx` page in the appropriate place to render it statically:

And then show the two code snippets? Something like that? What do we think?

Author: Yeah, just saying "pages" implies that _all_ pages can be prerendered, which is not the case. The Pages docs say:

> Astro supports the following file types in the src/pages/ directory:
> 
> [.astro](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#astro-pages)
> [.md](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#markdownmdx-pages)
> .mdx (with the [MDX Integration installed](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/#installation))
> [.html](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#html-pages)
> .js/.ts (as [endpoints](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/endpoints/))

So I think it makes sense to be explicit that only `.astro`, `.mdx`, and endpoints can be prerendered. I'll add an example for `.js/.ts`.

```astro title="src/pages/markdown.mdx" {2}
---
layout: '../layouts/markdown.astro'
title: 'My page'
---
export const prerender = true;

# This is my page
```

> Plain `.md` Markdown pages do not support exporting variables, and so must be converted to `.mdx` before they can be prerendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown (`.md`) pages do not support prerendering.
```
We don't need to explicitly mention converting - it's clear that they must choose one of the other options in order to use prerendering.

Reviewer 2: Yup, just want to say I agree with Dan here. I never like to tell people to change their stuff. (We have some VERY strong fans of Markdown :sweat_smile:  and you don't necessarily want to make it sound like THEY made a poor choice or something.) This gives them the information they need so they can decide whether it's worth the tradeoff for themselves!

</html>
```

```astro title="src/pages/mypage.mdx" {2}
---
layout: '../layouts/markdown.astro'
title: 'My page'
---
export const prerender = true;

# This is my page
```

> ```astro title="src/pages/myendpoint.ts" {2}
> export const prerender = true;
> 
> export async function get() {
>   return {
>     body: JSON.stringify({ message: `This is my endpoint` }),
>   };
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I suggest we don't include *both* a `.js` and `.ts` example, especially since they are so similar. In the docs, we typically only include `.js` and it's assumed that people will apply these examples to `.ts`.
